Template: ARIN-ORG-5.1
** As of September 2011
** Detailed instructions are located below the template.

00. API Key:

01. Registration Action (N,M, or R):

** IF REQUESTING A NEW ORG ID, LEAVE FIELD 02. BLANK
02. Existing OrgID:

03. Organization's Legal Name:
04. Organization's D/B/A:
05. Business Tax ID Number (DO NOT LIST SSN): 
06. Org Address:
06. Org Address:
07. Org City:
08. Org State/Province:
09. Org Postal Code:
10. Org Country Code:
11. Admin POC Handle:
12. Tech POC Handle:
13. Abuse POC Handle:

** OPTIONAL POC HANDLE
14. NOC POC Handle:

** OTHER OPTIONAL FIELDS
15. Referral Server:
16. Public Comments:
17. Additional Information:

END OF TEMPLATE

If you would like assistance completing this template, please do
not hesitate to contact ARIN's Registration Services Help Desk
at +1 (703) 227-0660. We'll be glad to help you!

-----------------------------CUT HERE ---------------------------

TEMPLATE INSTRUCTIONS:

Please copy and paste the text-based template into the body of an
e-mail and send to hostmaster@arin.net with the subject line,
"ORGANIZATION TEMPLATE". 

Please ensure your e-mail client sends ARIN the message as plain 
ASCII text, not as HTML.

Please do not attach the template.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Do not remove or modify the template header, i.e. 
the line beginning with "Template:" or the footer, i.e. "END OF 
TEMPLATE". Both are required for processing.

00. An API Key is a string of characters you can use to identify 
    yourself to ARIN. You must first set up an ARIN Online account 
    and create your API Key. 
	https://www.arin.net/public/register_1.xhtml
    If you are modifying or removing an Org ID, your ARIN Online 
    account must be linked to a POC authorized to make the request. 
    Find more information about API Keys at:
        https://www.arin.net/features/api_keys.html

01. This template allows you to register a new Org ID, modify information
    for an existing Org ID or remove an existing Org ID not associated 
    with resources in ARIN's database. This registration action is 
    required. Valid values are:
      N for New
      M for Modify
      R for Remove

02. If you are modifying or removing an existing Org ID, the handle is
    required for processing. If you are registering a new Org ID in 
    ARIN's Whois database, this field must be blank. If you are unsure of 
    the handle, search for the company's name in ARIN's Whois database.

03. Provide the legal name of the organization as it is registered with
    local, regional or national authorities. ARIN will require any contracts
    to be signed with this legally registered business name if you become an
    ARIN customer.
 
    Org Legal Name cannot be updated via this template. If your organization
    changes its legal name, you should update your Org ID using the Request 
    Name Change function within ARIN Online. For more information on name 
    changes please reference:
        https://www.arin.net/resources/request/org.html#name_change

04. If applicable, provide the:

       - fictitious business name
       - doing business as (D/B/A) name
       - operating as (O/A) name

    ... of the organization as it is registered with local or
    regional authorities. This is not a required field.

    If you provide data for this field, it will replace the 
    Organization's Legal Name for display in ARIN's Whois. If you
    do not provide data for this field, the data you entered in 
    field 03. will display in ARIN's Whois.

    Org D/B/A Name cannot be updated. If you are modifying an Org record,
    this field should be left blank.

05. Provide your organization's business tax ID, as provided to
    you by national authorities. DO NOT LIST A SOCIAL SECURITY
    NUMBER OR A SOCIAL INSURANCE NUMBER. 

    In the United States, this field should contain your organization's
    Federal Employer Identification Number (FEIN). If your 
    organization's FEIN is a Social Security Number, DO NOT FILL OUT 
    THIS FIELD. ARIN does not want to know your SSN!

    In Canada, this field should contain your Canadian Corporate
    Number, which is your 9-digit Business Number plus your 6-digit
    Revenue Account Number.

    If you are unsure of what data to provide for this question,
    leave it blank.

06. Indicate the street address for the organization. (If you are 
    updating the street address of an existing Org ID, you must include 
    all address lines.) Although the template provides only two address 
    fields, you may duplicate field 06. as many times as necessary to 
    capture the entire address. 

07. Indicate the city of the organization.

08. Indicate the two-letter abbreviation of the state or province of 
    the organization.

09. Provide the postal code of the organization.

10. Provide the ISO-3166 two-character country code of the
    organization. You can find a complete listing of country codes at:
     https://www.arin.net/knowledge/rirs/countries.html

11. Indicate the ARIN POC handle of the person in the 
    organization responsible for maintaining the Org ID record.

    If you have not yet registered a POC handle for this person,
    please submit a POC template. You cannot register a new POC
    handle with this form.

12. Indicate the ARIN POC handle of a contact responsible for
    the technical aspects of maintaining your network.

    If you have not yet registered a POC handle for this person,
    please submit a POC template. You cannot register a new POC  
    handle with this form.

    Although the template provides only one Tech POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 12. to list multiple Tech POCs.

13. Indicate the ARIN POC handle of a contact responsible for 
    handling operational aspects of the acceptable or appropriate 
    uses of the allocated network. The abuse POC may not make
    modifications to any registration records.

    If you have not yet registered a POC handle for this person,
    please submit a POC template. You cannot register a new POC
    handle with this form.

    Although the template provides only one Abuse POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 13. to list multiple Abuse POCs.

OPTIONAL FIELDS:

14. Indicate the ARIN POC handle for your NOC. The NOC POC may not
    make modifications to any registration records.

    If you have not yet registered a POC handle for this person,
    please submit a POC template. You cannot register a new POC
    handle with this form.

    Although the template provides only one NOC POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 12. to list multiple NOC POCs.

    If you are modifying an Org record and would like to remove all 
    NOC POCs, enter NONE in this field.

15. If your organization runs a publicly-accessible rwhois server,
    please indicate its hostname and port number. Please enter in the 
    format of:
     rwhois://hostname:port

    If you do not run an rwhois server, please leave this field blank.

    If you are modifying an Org record and would like to remove the 
    rwhois server, enter NONE in this field.

16. If there are any comments that you would like publicly displayed in     
    ARIN's Whois, detail them here. All public comments must be operational 
    in nature. All comments must be accurate. ARIN reserves the right to 
    edit or remove public comments. 
 
    Suggested comments are:
         Public Comments: http://www.example.net
         Public Comments: Standard NOC hours are 7am to 11pm EST

17. Use this section to provide additional information to ARIN.
    If you are attaching any supporting documentation to your
    e-mail, please indicate this here. If you are modifying or 
    removing an Org record, this field should be left blank.
