Template: ARIN-POC-5.0
**  As of March 2011
**  Detailed instructions are located below the template.

00. API Key:

01. Registration Action (N,M, or R):

02. Existing POC Handle:
** Skip field 02. if generating a new handle

03. Contact Type (P or R): 
04. Last Name or Role Account:
05. First Name: 
06. Middle Name:
07. Company Name:
08. Address:
08. Address:
09. City: 
10. State/Province: 
11. Postal Code: 
12. Country Code:
13. Office Phone Number: 
14. Office Phone Number Extension: 
15. E-mail Address:

** OPTIONAL PHONE NUMBERS
16. Mobile:
17. Fax: 

** OTHER OPTIONAL FIELDS
18. Public Comments:

END OF TEMPLATE

-----------------------------CUT HERE ---------------------------

TEMPLATE INSTRUCTIONS:

Please copy and paste the text-based template into the body of an
e-mail and send to hostmaster@arin.net with the subject line, "POC
TEMPLATE". 

Please ensure your e-mail client sends ARIN the message as plain 
ASCII text, not as HTML.

Please do not attach the template.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Do not remove or modify the template header, i.e. 
the line beginning with "Template:" or the footer, i.e. "END OF 
TEMPLATE". Both are required for processing.


00. An API Key is a string of characters you can use to identify 
    yourself to ARIN. You must first set up an ARIN Online account 
    and create your API Key. 
	https://www.arin.net/public/register_1.xhtml 
    If you are modifying or removing a POC record, your ARIN Online 
    account must be linked to the POC. Find more information about API 
    Keys at:
	https://www.arin.net/features/api_keys.html

01. This template allows you to register a new POC, modify information
    for an existing POC or remove an existing POC not associated with
    resources in ARIN's database. This registration action is required.
    Valid values are:
      N for New
      M for Modify
      R for Remove

02. If you are modifying or removing an existing POC, the POC handle is
    required for processing. If you are registering a new POC in ARIN's
    Whois database, this field must be blank. If you are unsure of your
    POC handle, search for your last name in ARIN's Whois database.

03. A POC can be either a person or a role account. A role account is not 
    associated with a particular person, but with an office, position or 
    task and is usually shared by multiple people. Valid values are:
	P or PERSON for Person
	R or ROLE for Role
    The Contact Type cannot be updated. If you are modifying a POC record,
    this field should be left blank.

04. If the POC is a role account, enter the entire role account name. 
    For example:
     Last Name or Role Account: Network Operations Center

    If the POC is a person, enter only the last name. For example:
     Last Name or Role Account: Smith

    POC Name cannot be updated. If you are modifying a POC record,
    this field should be left blank.

05. If the Registration Action is New and the POC is a person, the first 
    name is required. If the POC is a role account, the first name 
    should be left blank. POC Name cannot be updated. If you are 
    modifying a POC record, this field should be left blank.

06. If the POC is a person and has a middle name or initial, provide it
    in this field. If the POC is a role account, the middle name should 
    be left blank. POC Name cannot be updated. If you are modifying a 
    POC record, this field should be left blank.

07. If the POC is a role, a company name is required. This will help
    distinguish the Hostmaster from ABC Company from the Hostmaster at 
    XYZ Company. It is optional for persons. If you are modifying a POC 
    that is a person and would like to remove the company name, enter 
    NONE in this field.

08. Indicate the street address of the POC. (If you are modifying the 
    street address of an existing POC, you must include all address 
    lines.) Although the template provides only two address fields, 
    you may duplicate field 08. as many times as necessary to capture 
    the entire address.

09. Indicate the city of the POC. 

10. Indicate the two-letter abbreviation of the state or province of
    the POC.

11. Indicate the postal code of the POC.

12. Indicate the ISO-3166 two-character country code of the POC. You can
    find a complete listing of country codes at:
     https://www.arin.net/knowledge/rirs/countries.html

13. Provide the office telephone number of the POC. Only numbers and 
    the characters + - () are valid. Do not include phone extensions 
    and additional instructions in the phone number field.

14. The phone extension field is free form and can include phone
    extensions, as well as further instructions to help the caller. 
    If you are modifying a POC record and would like to remove the 
    phone extension, enter NONE in this field.

15. Enter the e-mail address of the POC. RFC 2822 describes valid e-mail
    addresses. At least one e-mail address is required to process a new
    POC. To add a second e-mail address, duplicate field 15. and include
    both the current e-mail address and the new e-mail address on the
    template. To replace the current e-mail address, enter the new e-mail
    address on this line.


OPTIONAL PHONE NUMBERS:

16. Provide the mobile telephone number of the POC. Only numbers and the 
    characters + - () are valid. If you are modifying a POC record and 
    would like to remove all mobile phone numbers, enter NONE in this field.

17. Provide the fax telephone number of the POC. Only numbers and the
    characters + - () are valid. If you are modifying a POC record and 
    would like to remove all fax numbers, enter NONE in this field.
       

OTHER OPTIONAL FIELDS:
       
18. If there are any comments that you would like publicly displayed in     
    ARIN's Whois, detail them here. All public comments must be operational 
    in nature. All comments must be accurate. ARIN reserves the right to 
    edit or remove public comments. 
 
    Suggested comments are:
         Public Comments: http://www.example.net
         Public Comments: Standard NOC hours are 7am to 11pm EST
