Template: ARIN-REASSIGN-SIMPLE-5.2
**  As of May 2019
**  Detailed instructions are located below the template.

00. API Key:

01. Registration Action (N,M, or R):
02. Network Name:
03. IP Address and Prefix or Range:
04. Origin AS:
05. Private (Yes or No):
06. Customer Name:
07. Customer Address:
07. Customer Address:
08. Customer City:
09. Customer State/Province:
10. Customer Postal Code:
11. Customer Country Code:
12. Public Comments:

END OF TEMPLATE

If you would like assistance completing this template, please do
not hesitate to contact ARIN's Registration Services help desk
at +1 (703) 227-0660. We'll be glad to help you!

-----------------------------CUT HERE ---------------------------

TEMPLATE INSTRUCTIONS:

Please copy and paste the text-based template into the body of an
e-mail and send to hostmaster@arin.net with the subject line, 
"REASSIGN SIMPLE". 

Please ensure your e-mail client sends ARIN the message as plain 
ASCII text, not as HTML.

Please do not attach the template.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Do not remove or modify the template header, i.e. 
the line beginning with "Template:" or the footer, i.e. "END OF 
TEMPLATE". Both are required for processing.


00. An API Key is a string of characters you can use to identify 
    yourself to ARIN. You must first set up an ARIN Online account 
    and create your API Key. 
	https://account.arin.net/public/accountSetup.xhtml

    Your ARIN Online account must be linked to a POC authorized to 
    make the request. Find more information about API Keys at:
	https://www.arin.net/reference/materials/security/api_keys/

01. This template allows you to register a new simple reassignment, 
    modify information for an existing simple reassignment or 
    remove an existing simple reassignment. This registration 
    action is required. Valid values are:
     N for New
     M for Modify
     R for Remove

02. The network name is used as an identifier. Supply a short name
    consisting of a combination of up to 50 letters and/or numbers 
    for the network. You may use a dash (-) as part of the network 
    name, but no other special characters, such as periods or 
    underscores.

03. Indicate the network being modified. Valid values are:
     10.0.0.0/24
     10.0.0.0 - 10.0.0.255

04. List all AS numbers from which the network may originate. 
    You can list as many AS numbers as necessary. You must 
    separate multiple AS numbers with a comma. You may not list 
    AS number ranges; only list individual AS numbers.

05. ARIN's Number Resource Policy Manual (NRPM) 4.2.3.7.3.2 allows for 
    residential customer privacy. An organization with residential 
    downstream customers may maintain the privacy of those residential 
    customers as long as accurate Technical and Abuse POCs are visible 
    on the upstream Whois record. By specifying 'Yes' in this field, 
    ARIN's Whois will display 'Private Customer - <Upstream Org Name>' 
    for the customer's name and 'Private Residence' as the customer's 
    street address. By specifying 'No' in this field, the information 
    provided below will be displayed in ARIN's Whois. 

06. Provide the legal name of the customer receiving the reassignment 
    as it is registered with local, regional or national authorities. 
   
07. Indicate the street address for the customer receiving the 
    reassignment. Although the template provides only two address 
    fields, you may duplicate field 07. as many times as necessary to 
    capture the entire address. 

08. Indicate the city of the customer receiving the reassignment.

09. Indicate the two-letter abbreviation of the state or province of the 
    customer receiving the reassignment.

10. Indicate the postal code of the customer receiving the reassignment.

11. Indicate the ISO-3166 two-character country code of the customer
    receiving the reassignment. You can find a complete listing of 
    country codes at:
    https://www.arin.net/about/welcome/region/

12. If there are any comments that you would like publicly displayed in     
    ARIN's Whois, detail them here. All public comments must be operational 
    in nature. All comments must be accurate. ARIN reserves the right to 
    edit or remove public comments. 
 
    Suggested comments are:
         Public Comments: http://www.example.net
         Public Comments: Standard NOC hours are 7am to 11pm EST
