Template: ARIN-IPv6-NET-MOD-5.2
**  As of May 2019
**  Detailed instructions are located below the template.

00. API Key:

01. Registration Action (M or R):
02. IPv6 Address and Prefix:
03. Network Name:
04. Origin AS:
05. Tech POC Handle:
06. Abuse POC Handle:
07. NOC POC Handle:
08. Public Comments:

END OF TEMPLATE

If you would like assistance completing this template, please do
not hesitate to contact ARIN's Registration Services help desk
at +1 (703) 227-0660. We'll be glad to help you!

-----------------------------CUT HERE ---------------------------

TEMPLATE INSTRUCTIONS:

Please copy and paste the text-based template into the body of an
e-mail and send to hostmaster@arin.net with the subject line, "IPv6 
NETWORK MODIFICATION". 

Please ensure your e-mail client sends ARIN the message as plain 
ASCII text, not as HTML.

Please do not attach the template.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Do not remove or modify the template header, i.e. 
the line beginning with "Template:" or the footer, i.e. "END OF 
TEMPLATE". Both are required for processing.


00. An API Key is a string of characters you can use to identify 
    yourself to ARIN. You must first set up an ARIN Online account 
    and create your API Key. 
	https://account.arin.net/public/accountSetup.xhtml

    Your ARIN Online account must be linked to a POC authorized to 
    make the request. Find more information about API Keys at:
	https://www.arin.net/reference/materials/security/api_keys/

01. This template allows you to modify information for an existing 
    network, remove a downstream network, or return a network 
    to ARIN. The registration action is required. Valid values are:
     M for Modify
     R for Remove/Return

02. Indicate the network to be modified or returned. You must
    indicate the network in CIDR format, for example:
     2001:0100:0100::/48

    You cannot modify or return multiple discontiguous networks
    with this template. Please submit a separate IPv6 Network 
    Modification template for each distinct contiguous network 
    registration.

03. If you do not wish to modify the network name, this field should 
    be left blank. If you wish to modify the network name, supply a 
    short name consisting of a combination of up to 50 letters and/or 
    numbers. You may use a dash (-) as part of the network name, but 
    no other special characters, such as periods or underscores.


OPTIONAL FIELDS:

04. List all AS numbers from which the network may originate. 
    You can list as many AS numbers as necessary. You must 
    separate multiple AS numbers with a comma. You may not list 
    AS number ranges; only list individual AS numbers.

05. Indicate the ARIN POC handle of a contact responsible for the 
    technical aspects of maintaining the IP address space. The
    technical POC may make modifications to the allocated block.

    Please note your Org ID already has a Technical POC which will,
    by default, appear on the IP address space registration record. 

    Although the template provides only one Tech POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 05. to list multiple Tech POCs.

    If you are modifying a network record and would like to remove all 
    Tech POCs, enter NONE in this field.

06. Indicate the ARIN POC handle of a contact responsible for 
    handling operational aspects of the acceptable or appropriate 
    uses of the allocated network. The abuse POC may not make 
    modifications to the allocated network registration.

    Please note your Org ID may already have an Abuse POC which will,
    by default, appear on the IP address space registration record.

    Although the template provides only one Abuse POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 06. to list multiple Abuse POCs.

    If you are modifying a network record and would like to remove all 
    Abuse POCs, enter NONE in this field.

07. Indicate the ARIN POC handle for your NOC. The NOC POC may
    not make modifications to the allocated network registration.

    Please note your Org ID may already have a NOC POC which will,
    by default, appear on the resource registration record.

    Although the template provides only one NOC POC field, you may 
    duplicate field 07. to list multiple NOC POCs.

    If you are modifying a network record and would like to remove all 
    NOC POCs, enter NONE in this field.

08. If there are any comments that you would like publicly displayed in
    ARIN's Whois, detail them here. All public comments must be operational 
    in nature. All comments must be accurate. ARIN reserves the right to 
    edit or remove public comments. 
 
    Suggested comments are:
         Public Comments: http://www.example.net
         Public Comments: Standard NOC hours are 7am to 11pm EST
